what's up guys boa show here on the
Elder Scrolls for oblivion today I will
be showing you how to get the sword
shadow rend this sword is located in
melchi R and it is during a quest that
follows the main storyline for the
Shivering Isles expansion pack so I put
on my fault chameleons just so I could
run through this cave with you guys it
would take way too long if they if I
filmed myself killing all of the
creatures in here now what you're gonna
do is come up to this altar here and the
shadow that appears is exactly the same
or has all the equipment that you have
on and is pretty much a duplicate so I
didn't do anything with that standing so
and I just thought that's what I had to
do is activate it but he came up and
what you're gonna do is wait for him to
pull out his sword it sucks when he goes
invisible but you can really tell I've
starts attacking you so you know he has
a sort of side note if you want to get
shadow rend you should get your blade
skill higher than your blunt or you will
get a just a different axe and what I
did here was pause it until I killed him
and there's the sword he had it pulled
out and he drops it as soon as you kill
him so you got to make sure that he has
the sword out when you finally kill him
there's the shadow rend it is a
two-handed sword it is not as good as
the Umbra one because it weighs
something and to the strength just isn't
as much sorry the power
doesn't hit as much but it still looks
cool it's an awesome sword to have and
have fun with it I hope his help Thanks